you know I'd have to say archery is one
of the biggest love of my life I try to
follow the industry any kind of nuga
widget or technology that's hitting the
market I want to know about it last year
I went to the ATA show now this is the
largest archery trade show pretty much
in the world where all of the
manufacturers from all over the world
end up in one place to show off their
wares to potential dealers that
distribute the product here in the
United States over in the corner I
looked over and I saw the disc fly in
the air and I look down and here was
this machine this magical machine that
was throwing archery targets in the air
and instantly I knew I wanted to be
involved you know every single year the
archery industry is improving itself
it's getting brighter take our bows for
example every year they're shooting
straighter in flatter arrows with more
kinetic energy with blazing speeds with
very little noise and vibration but
every once in a while a product hits the
market that revolutionizes an entire
industry all the way from Laporte
archery what I believe will create a
sport over the next few years here in
the United States with one of the most
challenging and fun targeting systems
that I've ever shot at
it took me about five seconds to realize
that I wanted to have one of these
machines for myself this was going to
train me how to shoot those pheasants
out of the air I was going to be able to
become a better Archer because I could
shoot one of these things and the more
that I heard the more that I
investigated the more that I see how
people reacted I knew that this machine
was going to revolutionize the targeting
system here in the United States it's
it's addicting its addicting I mean when
you have this machine in front of you
and those throwing the targets in the
air is the only thing you want to scream
is bring me some more arrows so that I
can do this again and again and again
it's one of the most challenging and fun
targeting systems I've ever been able to
shoot at and it's extremely exciting I'm
going to walk you through the features
and benefits of the Phoenix 65 t25 this
is a revolutionary machine that
physically launches targets in the air
allowing us to shoot at it now it has
varying targets and lengths and
distances along with pitches that is
completely controllable and adjustable
here on the machine
now the machine is completely remote
controllable it has a remote switch with
hundreds of feet of cable lengths on it
now you could have somebody physically
call pull push the button or you can go
ahead and lay this on the ground and you
can target it yourself by using your
foot or you can unlock it out turn it on
and fire it right from the machine if
you'd like it runs off of a regular car
battery and it holds 65 targets in that
turret system that rotates around drops
them into a drum and then it fires them
into the air and it's completely
adjustable it's endless it's absolutely
endless the target capability that
you're able to do and I know one thing
I'm going to become a better Archer
being able to shoot at these well the
neatest features and benefits here on
the Phoenix is that it's fully
adjustable you can change both the speed
and the distance in which it throws a
target by simply moving the tension bar
I'm gonna go over my basic archery setup
that I shoot when I'm shooting a local
court system now when you set it up it's
really important that you have at least
200 yards completely clear of any houses
animals trees anything that you could
fire at because on average you take a 60
pound bow with a normal arrow with
normal vanes on it and they'll travel
about 350 yards one shot into the air
but when you're targeting these things
we shoot what's called a flu flu arrow
it has four different very large
feathers on it
at 20 25 yards it's really accurate and
will almost hit the same mark after that
there's so much drag with it that it
slows it down and they only travel about
125 yards now I'm shooting this fully
and captured hostage rest with a very
small archery pin and this arrow and
it's very very effective when I'm
shooting the system
you know when you bring a bunch of
archers together and you have a target
you know at 40 50 60 yards and you're
out shooting the excitement level is
about right here and then when you put
the Laporte machine out there and you
throw these just in the air and you try
to hit them with these arrows the
excitement level goes like this and keep
is growing and growing and growing I
mean this is a really amazing technology
and I'm excited that it's here in the
United States and I can only imagine
over the next little while the awareness
and it's gonna build and the online
presence that's gonna get bigger and
more and more people are gonna talk
about it and there's gonna be shooting
clubs in 3d club grabbing this machines
and and teaching more people and what
I'm all really excited about is the fact
that this is gonna promote archery how
many more kids in the United States next
year is going to be able to shoot a bow
for the first time because a technology
like this exists
so there you have it from Laporte
archery the Phoenix 25 t25 the most fun
you can have with a bow
you